if you are a bit up to date then
You may know that many companies
see the future in wearable computing and
That is electronics that you put on your body
wear
So Samsung is one of the first ones there
pontifically op in is played because on
these houses announced the galaxy gear
and that is a smartwatch so a watch
with advanced functions
we spent the necessary time with this
watch to see if it's a useful one
addition is useless for all
his very expensive game me
samsung is a presentation
that it is really a gadget of the future
is
technology of the next decade
they even said if you go to design
looks it is actually quite retro
it's a classic watch and it is
yes a nice watch to see but you
must keep in mind that if
you want to wear it that is for a box
large and it is also quite heavy for you
it may be good on your wrist and it is not
so that you are right that your arm is down
falls that you get cramping but it is
no light watch to wear and that
is certainly a factor
if you want to sit this as a kit
use the screen what samsung has
used that is a super amoled screen
so that is the same technology as that
is also putting in expensive smartphone and it
is a screen of 1.63 once one if you
about me know how big it is as
you can still remember the Nokia 3310
yes about the size of the screen
a resolution of 320 by 320 pixels
that makes the pixel density approximately
year 102 is 180 pixels per inch and that
is pretty neat the screen is too
sharp it is beautiful to see
the color splashes really occasionally
fortunately, samsung also benefits
thought that this screen was easy to read
must be like're outdoors and
also found an outdoor motor and
outside mode which makes the screen extra
skin that is nice because it is
it probably also like in the sun
good to see
the galaxy times may according to samsung then
technology from the future are the
processor is really one from a far
past
it is one from 2009, probably one
exynos 3 that included in the metro once
Galaxy Spica was sitting then
and for yes for smartphone understanding that is
really a fred flintstone processor for that
the rest the galaxy gear is actually via
a small smartphone it is in itself
it even has a two microphone around
the ambient noise
filtering
it has the speaker it has a pair
sensors
it has the bluetooth in short it can
connect with anything yet what
is not a telephone in itself you can not
Calling independently should really be the
have a telephone nearby
but it does have a lot
elements that your smartphone also has
but the big question is of course what
you can do exactly with the galaxy gear and it
answer is actually quite what you
can call with it and then
you have to hold it to your ear that is in
start a bit ridiculous and also the second
and the third time without a task is best
feel ridiculous but it works
well
you can also receive notifications
coming in on the phone
you can play all kinds of apps
for example fitness apps that you use
can track steps or other things
when you start running
can keep track of that is that is well done
that is why you can work out well
quite something with the thing but maybe
the best feature is the camera that
in it that we stop you putting it on
have forward
and the moment you start from the homescreen
swipe down you immediately start that camera
so you can take a picture very quickly
much faster than when the phone is off
Your bag should have the camera on it
start up and have to take another photo
it's a shame the camera does have one
little loras is as many as 1313 100 pixels
and that this yes about the front camera
from a catch ordinary phone say
but that the function is there yes that is real
very well thought out
in short with those features yes it is
actually pretty good I think so
everyone can find something that one
like in the galaxy gear
where something is possible, it is daily
but then there is another big one
stumbling block wanted to be this success and
that is the price is the suggested retail price and keep it
you stuck
299 euros I repeat again
299 euros yes that is for an accessory
with a telephone that belongs to itself
maybe six or seven hundred euros or
if you are even cheaper than for example
galaxy s3 is 350 euros
so way too much and way too much money
in the time we have spent
we can already do one with the galaxy times
draw some conclusions firstly
Lord is so terribly expensive that
Samsung actually a big part of it
his audience
yes offside they can't do it
pay or the habit for it
and that makes the galaxy times in this
Always shape as real nice product
stay
second with it has nice functions
It really is not just the sport watch
as many had previously thought
but that really has a lot of variety
functions but the real killer feature
that is really missing for me
bike that you say is worth it
to put such a thing around your arm every day
wear that is worth every day such
charge to charge it
to think
the killer feature that I simply still have
not
and third, of course, there is the question
is where ball computing '
really a new trend
consumer electronics and what me
Concerning is that yes it is there
really you it has real potential
but it is still largely unexplored
so this area and this galaxy is really turning in
one point zero product it is not finished it
lacks a killer feature and the
still knew everything wrong but it is
well in it and it is good that samsung
this very young industry or was the
keeps a finger on the pulse